Add domain verification doc (#2674)
liveblocks/liveblocks: docs/pages/platform/account-management/saml.mdx

If your identity provider is not listed or if you'd like to use an OIDC (OpenID
Connect) SSO provider, please reach out to us at
[support@liveblocks.io](mailto:support@liveblocks.io).

## Domain verification

> Liveblocks supports self-serve domain verification for SSO. This allows to
> verify domains to sign in through your organization's SSO connection without
> needing to verify your team members' emails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Liveblocks supports self-serve domain verification for SSO. This allows you to
verify domains and sign in through your organization’s SSO connection without
needing to verify your team members’ emails.
```
